The invocation is ./dt with the following possible options

dt [-h] [-I n] [-L -d -g -i -p -s -t -u | -l] [dirname]

hPrint a help message and exit.
I n Change indentation tonspaces for each level.
L Follow symbolic links, if any.  Default will be to not follow symbolic links. (This is not working, please see following info)
t Print information on file type.
p Print permission bits asrwxrwxrwx.
i Print the number of links to file in inode table.
u Print theuidassociated with the file.
g Print thegidassociated with the file.
s Print the size of file in bytes.

You can only choose one from each section for square bracket,
For example this program can't be run with -d and -g option at the same time

to see the version control of this project please see the link below:
https://github.com/L-E-V-E-N-T/ozturk.1

There are some faulty issues with my program.
Even if I have spent too much time on it, this is what I can within the limited time of project.
I will mention what's wrong below, at least the ones that I know.
I think many of these problems are related.
I feel like if I correct something most of them especially the ones about the info comes from
stat will be gone.

-> -s option prints wrong file size for the ones in cwd. It even sometimes gives negative values.
	-I think this could be about casting or overlow issue, but I couldn't find it out.
-> -d option prints wrong date for the last access time. I couldn't find out the reason but it usually print 1969
-> -L option does nothing, I didn't understand following symbolic links in class and didn't have time to do it
-> Another problem is that when you run the program with a given dirname it writes only the files, directories and
   subdirectory's files and directories. It doesn't write the subdirectories of subdirectories.
	-I think I found out the reason for this. I am using realpath to get the path and then do string concationation
	 for the following one. When the program runs with cwd it works well, but when the program runs with another
	 directory than cwd, it takes the cwd address and attach the file name and thus gets a wrong path. This doesn't
	 make my program crush. It just get the wrong output from isDirectory function and it does not follow the contend
	 of the that directory. I think this is the reason, but I couldn't find a way to change my cwd to what is coming
	 from argv. I might be able to correct this, but since due date past I have to submit the project.

Lastly, I am so sorry for submitting late and incomplete. I really tried hard, I feel close to finish, but couldn't make it. I am sorry.
I am looking forward with no confidence at all since this is the P1 and I spent this much time and couldn't make it.
